# Crime_data_analysis_on_women
The data set contains 10,000 rows and it is a collection from 2001-2014. This indicates that the data set has been compiled over a period of 14 years, and it covers a wide range of crime data related to women in India. The data set could include information on various types of crimes against women, such as rape, sexual harassment, domestic violence, dowry deaths, acid attacks, and human trafficking.

With such a large amount of data available, it is possible to identify trends and patterns in the incidence of crime against women over the years. For instance, the data could reveal whether there has been a significant increase or decrease in the number of reported cases of certain crimes over time. It could also highlight whether there are particular regions or cities in India where the incidence of such crimes is higher than others.

Moreover, this data set can be used to inform policy decisions and develop strategies to address the issue of crime against women. By analyzing the data, policymakers and law enforcement agencies can identify the areas that require immediate attention and allocate resources accordingly. They can also work towards creating awareness among the public and introducing preventive measures to curb the incidence of such crimes.

Finally, I have got the shocking results that in 2001 there were 2 rape cases per hour but it has raised to 8 cases per hour by the end of 2014. If we go for the recent data, we don't need to surprise too many times that it would have gone for 15-20 cases per hour in India. Police and government has to create awareness in the districts of the states where the literacy is low and also needed to make the rules strict to punish the criminals.
